Harm these students in this lecture here we are going to be adding a link somewhere here so that we
can see each of these pools individually.
All right.
I think it's a really issue right now.
If we wanted to see this because we will have to go to the front of the page and click on this link
right here.
And that way we can see that Beauce right.
If you want to go back to the to to admin We just click edit post and then view all polls.
I think we need to make a little shorter right.
So let's add a link here that we go and we can see each individual page.
All right.
So now for those of you are wondering where this court is going to win.
Well this course has ended the minute that you learn how to build this system.
Now what actually is going on right now is that I'm trying to make you be creative and make you think
outside the box by creating new features to see a mess.
Right now I want you to also take time to think what can you add to our seat to see a mass to make it
better.
Don't just wait for me to make any lecture for you to think be creative think that way you can become
better play around with it don't be scared to mess it up.
This is the way that we learn by making mistakes and you know it doesn't matter if you make a thousand
mistakes that's what makes you better.
All right so keep that in mind.
Let's go ahead and add this new link.
So right now I mean admin on the score navigation inside the includes folder in admin in the admin.
But I want to go to and actually I have it right here my working files.
So if you have a lot of files here just click on these ads and take them off.
That's not going to delete anything.
I'm going to go to View old posts and what I want to do is right be right here before edit.
I want to add a few posts.
Bache I don't want to put it right.
Besides did the leave because I don't want to make a mistake and delete the post right when I click
on that link.
So I want to make it easy for that.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab one of these and this is the edit by the way.
Make a little bigger so you can see I'm going to make this.
So this is the edit and I want to make it right before that one is going to copy this whole thing here
and then paste it right here.
I'm going to rename it to view puls view post.
Actually we won t s because it's going to be that individual post and this looks a lot better if I minimize
it right.
I'm just basically zooming this way you can see better.
All right.
Just know that this is not it looks like a mess right now but is not.
Look at this.
It looks a lot better light is right.
All right.
Just wanted to show you that.
I think I have showed you that before.
So if we go back I'm going to say we couldn't control asked for Windows in command.
As for Mac users let's refresh and as you can see the link is right here.
All right if I click on it of course it's going to take me to the edit because we did a copy there paste
copy and paste.
But we need to add another heading right here for it because it's out of place.
So let's go back to let me make sure that I remember my number here where I am I am and the 163 line
163.
So let's go all the way up because we're getting a lot of cold here and actually now the way to the
top right here and right here after date when they add another the head cold.
You post
safe come back here and refresh.
Now we have this going on and this looks a lot better too if I mean a smaller solution.
You see that actually a bigger solution.
So just in case you think this looks that bad it's just that right now I'm just trying to help you see
a better.
Maybe you are in a phone device or something.
I don't know.
So anyway let's go back and ask some functionality today.
All right.
So I'm going to go to 163 again.
This is where I am and here what we want to do is we don't want to go to pulls up BHB anymore.
We want to go outside at the men to our route to dots forward slash and they are going to take this
s out of this post-speech right there and want to take the source tool because I don't need that.
And the ampersand in now is just going to leave the underscore ID and then post identical leave everything
else the same safe.
Come back here refresh.
And if I click on this ID 37 posts.
Actually that was added.
Sorry about that post.
Now we go to the individual post.
Let's go back.
We go see that it's working right.
Perfect.
So I think we're done adding this functionality here and that's going to help you a lot when you want
to go and see what is going on on this specific post.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture and if you have any suggestions please message me
let me know.
All right I'll see you in the next lecture was a pleasure.
Bye bye